In this lecture , I will introduce you to the very simple usecase
that we will be using to demostrate the power of powermock
will be developing a useradmin service that allows us to create end users
so will have a userDAO class
which will use a IDGenerator class.
This IDGenerator class is a final class we don't want anybody else to inherit from this class we want to use what is there in that class.
The userDAO will have a create method
that takes a userDTO as the input parameter
and it uses the generateid method that is inside the id generator
class and this method is a static method
it gets the user id everytime we are trying to create the user
we generate a new userid, then take the values inside the user object along
with the id we are going to persist everything to the database,
but for the sakes of this demo and usecase we are not going to do all the database
saving and all that we are going to create a simple userobject
and will use the generateid method and will be mocking that later on
to test our userDAO in isolation.